

News
India edition Modern 
हिन्दी	தமிழ்	മലയാളം	తెలుగు
Personalise
Top Stories
Syria
Charlotte
Donald Trump
Manchester United F.C.
Jeremy Corbyn
Test cricket
Arsenal F.C.
Hackers
The Magnificent Seven
Dassault Rafale
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Suggested for you
India
World
Business
Technology
Entertainment
Sports
Science
Health
More Top Stories
Top Stories


Times of India
See realtime coverage	
India exports software, Pakistan exports terror: PM Modi's blistering response to Uri attack
Times of India	 - ‎29 minutes ago‎	
KOZHIKODE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday lauched a blistering attack on Pakistan his first public address after the Uri terror attack.
Related
Bharatiya Janata Party »
Narendra Modi »
Kozhikode »
'India Exports Software, Pakistan Exports Terror': PM Modi's Strong Message At BJP MeetNDTV
Modi calls Islamabad sole exporter of terrorism; asks people of Pakistan to fight against povertyIndia Today
Local Source:Modi addresses rally in KozhikodeThe Hindu
Live Updating:LIVE PM Modi speech: Soon Pakistan will attack PakistanFinancial Express

Times of India
Five dead in US mall shooting, gunman on the run
Times of India	 - ‎3 hours ago‎	
LOS ANGELES: Police were searching on Saturday for a gunman who killed five people during a shooting at a mall in the US state of Washington, amid a raging national debate over gun control.

The Express Tribune
Expose: Pakistan's lame, apathetic foreign service
The Express Tribune	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
“The arrow shot by the archer may or may not kill a single person. But stratagems devised by a wise man can kill even babes in the womb.

News18
SC cancels parole of Subrata Roy, asks to surrender in a week
The Hindu	 - ‎Sep 23, 2016‎	
Sahara Chief Subrata Roy and two other group directors will have to surrender to custody within a week, with the Supreme Court on Friday terminating the “interim arrangements” of granting parole to them.

Hindustan Times
India, France ink €7.87 bn agreement for 36 Rafales
The Hindu	 - ‎54 minutes ago‎	
India and France on Friday concluded an Inter-Governmental Agreement (IGA) for the purchase of 36 Rafale fighter jets at a cost of €7.87 billion, the first fighter aircraft deal since the purchase of Sukhois from Russia in the late 1990s.

The Indian Express
Have to find a way to put the pressure back on India: BJ Watling
The Indian Express	 - ‎13 minutes ago‎	
BJ Watling said how New Zealand perform in the opening session of the fourth day will determine which way the match will turn. By: PTI Kanpur Published:Sep 24, 2016, 19:42.
Suggested for you »

Fabnewz Media (blog)
Katrina Kaif and Fawad Khan to star in Karan Johar's next flick?
Fabnewz Media (blog)	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
Bollywood diva Katrina Kaif was recently witnessed in Nitya Mehra directed Baar Baar Dekho, while Fawad Khan will be seen portraying a pivotal in Karan Johar's Ae Dil Hai Mushkil which will be released on October 28. However, the news which is doing ...
Interested in Karan Johar?  YesNo

India.com
Narendra Modi public reaction on Uri attack: Challenges Pakistani people for war... 'against poverty'
India.com	 - ‎53 minutes ago‎	
Kozhikode, September 24: Narendra Modi today slammed Pakistan hard like he has never done before. While addressing the BJP Executive meet in Kozhikode Modi even spoke to the people of Pakistan directly.
You said you were interested in Narendra ModiNot interested

The Hindu
NZ batsmen falter on a spin-friendly Kanpur wicket
The Hindu	 - ‎5 hours ago‎	
Ravindra Jadeja took his fifth five—wicket haul in test cricket as India gained control of the first test against New Zealand on Saturday.
Interested in India national cricket team?  YesNo

PINKVILLA
When Deepika got candid about her ideal man, first kiss & her biggest celebrity crush!
PINKVILLA	 - ‎3 hours ago‎	
Deepika Padukone is all set to grace a new talk show, titled Vogue BFFs that airs tonight on Colors Infinity. In the show, Deepika gets candid and talks about what her ideal man should be, who is her biggest crush and with whom did she share her first ...
You said you were interested in Deepika PadukoneNot interested
More Suggested for you stories »
India »

News18
SC verdict on Cauvery must be strictly followed: Congress
Business Standard	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
Tamil Nadu Congress President Thtrunavukarasar on Saturday said that the Supreme Court is India's highest court and citizens are bound to follow its verdicts.

The Indian Express
Black flags shown to Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan, ministers
The Indian Express	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
In a similar incident in the northern district of Kannur, a group of Youth Congress activists showed black flags to state Health Minister KK Shylaja, police said.

Hindustan Times
Petitions in Pak court want country to ban voting machines, movies from India
Hindustan Times	 - ‎2 hours ago‎	
Petitions filed in the Lahore high court sought a ban on voting machines from India and also demanded a ban on Indian movies from being aired in Pakistan.

India Today
BJP leader Sushil Modi asks 10 questions from Bihar CM Nitish Kumar over Shahabuddin controversy
India Today	 - ‎55 minutes ago‎	
Former deputy Chief Minister and senior BJP leader Sushil Modi has asked ten questions from Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on the ongoing controversy related to the release of RJD strongman Mohammad Shahabuddin from jail and his return to Siwan.
More India stories
World »

Telegraph.co.uk
Jeremy Corbyn re-elected Labour leader in UK
Economic Times	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
LONDON: Jeremy Corbyn was today re-elected leader of Britain's opposition Labour party, comfortably defeating his challenger Owen Smith.

NDTV
'Don't Shoot Him': Video Shows Deadly Encounter In Charlotte
NDTV	 - ‎12 hours ago‎	
The video footage was the first glimpse of what happened before and after the shooting in Charlotte. CHARLOTTE, North Carolina: The wife of a man fatally shot by police recorded cellphone video of the encounter that includes her pleading with officers ...

NDTV
Triple Suicide Attack In Baghdad Kills 11 People
NDTV	 - ‎4 hours ago‎	
This comes days after the car bomb blast that happened on September 10 2016 in Baghdad. (File Photo). Baghdad: A triple suicide bombing against a security check point north of Baghdad on Saturday killed at least 11 members of the security forces, a ...

The Indian Express
Pakistani air force F-7 jet aircraft crashes, killing pilot
The Indian Express	 - ‎2 hours ago‎	
The F-7 aircraft went down near the town of Jamrud, near the entrance to the Khyber Pass, and Flight Lieutenant Amer Shazad was killed, the air force said in a statement.
More World stories
Business »

News18
'Nobody can accurately tell the revenue neutral rate for GST'
The Hindu	 - ‎54 minutes ago‎	
Surabhi. A three-tiered rate structure under the GST that would tax essential commodities at a lower rate, most manufacturing goods at a standard rate, and consumer durables at a higher rate, may be the best option, said Kerala Finance Minister Thomas ...

NDTV
No Extension In Deadline For Black Money Disclosure Scheme
NDTV	 - ‎5 hours ago‎	
New Delhi: Government on Friday ruled out any extension to the September 30 deadline for filing income disclosure under the black money compliance window.

NDTV
Gold Perks Up As Global Cues Stay Positive, Buying Helps
NDTV	 - ‎4 hours ago‎	
New Delhi: After yesterday's slide, gold regained its form to trade higher by Rs. 80 at Rs. 31,600 per 10 grams on Saturday, taking positive cues from the global market amid buying by jewellers in the domestic spot market.

Newsweek
Oracle Takes Aim at Amazon's Cloud Computing Dominance
Newsweek	 - ‎2 hours ago‎	
Amazon.com's cloud computing arm is the overwhelming leader in the infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) market, enjoying a first-mover advantage that competitors have struggled to overcome.
You said you were interested in Amazon.com, Inc.Not interestedLearn more
More Business stories
Technology »

Gizbot
Micromax launches Canvas 5 Lite with 2GB RAM at Rs 6499
India Today	 - ‎4 hours ago‎	
India's second largest smartphone brand Micromax has launched Canvas 5 Lite at Rs 6,499. The Canvas 5 Lite is successor to last year's Canvas 5 smartphone.

The Hindu
Delete or share, High Court tells WhatsApp users
The Hindu	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
The High Court on Friday upheld WhatsApp new privacy policy on sharing of users' information with Facebook effective from September 25 while directing the instant messaging app to “delete completely” from its server information/ data/ details of all ...

The Indian Express
Snapchat's first hardware product is a $130 connected sunglasses
The Indian Express	 - ‎52 minutes ago‎	
Snapchat has finally announced its first hardware product that would be the future of snapping memories. Snapchat's first hardware product is a $130 connected sunglasses that will 10-second video snippets.

Mashable
Google's smart speaker will be cheaper than the Amazon Echo, report says
Mashable	 - ‎16 hours ago‎	
Google Home, which the company first introduced at its I/O developer conference in May, is a speaker that also has Google Assistant built in. (You can preview the assistant in the company's new messaging app, Allo.) It can also control smart home ...
Interested in Google?  YesNoLearn more
More Technology stories
Entertainment »

Firstpost
MNS threat is indeed silly but it's time to stop all cultural exchanges with Pakistan
Firstpost	 - ‎2 hours ago‎	
In India's rambunctious multi-party democracy, larger points often fall victim to political cross fires. The existential need for political parties to fish in troubled waters often results in India giving confusing signals and diluting the message that ...

Times of India
Riteish Deshmukh reacts to comparison between 'Banjo' and 'Rockstar'
Times of India	 - ‎5 hours ago‎	
Riteish Deshmukh has been facing questions over comparisons between his film 'Banjo' and Ranbir Kapoor's 'Rockstar'.

The Indian Express
Enjoy the game: MS Dhoni's advice to his onscreen captain
The Indian Express	 - ‎5 hours ago‎	
Ashrut Jain will be seen playing MS Dhoni's school captain in the upcoming biopic on his life and the cricketer's advice to the actor was to just enjoy the game.

Times of India
John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha promote 'Force 2' on 'The Kapil Sharma Show'
Times of India	 - ‎5 hours ago‎	
The Kapil Sharma Show is breaking all records of complete entertainment. Bollyood diva, Sonakshi Sinha and silver screen heartthrob John Abraham were having an awesome time on the sets of The Kapil Sharma Show. The onscreen duo was seen ...
You said you were interested in John AbrahamNot interestedLearn more
More Entertainment stories
Sports »

Firstpost
Sania Mirza-Barbora Strycova win Toray Pan Pacific Open title with straight-set win in final
Firstpost	 - ‎1 hour ago‎	
Tokyo: India's Sania Mirza and her Czech partner Barbora Strycova posted a comfortable straight-set win over unseeded Chinese pair of Chen Liang and Zhaoxuan Yang to lift the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo on Saturday.

The Indian Express
How Trent Boult gave New Zealand the hard-fought edge against India
The Indian Express	 - ‎Sep 22, 2016‎	
New Zealand pressed for wickets after taking the new ball when it was due, and Trent Boult did the job for his skipper Kane Williamson.

Firstpost
No one will join BCCI if there is three-year cooling off period: Shastri
The Hindu	 - ‎54 minutes ago‎	
Ravi Shastri does not mince words. “I've always spoken my mind just the way I played my cricket,” says the former India captain and coach, here as a commentator, celebrating India's fabulous cricket journey, now 500 Tests old.

Times of India
Manchester United thrash Leicester without Rooney
Times of India	 - ‎30 minutes ago‎	
MANCHESTER (United Kingdom): Manchester United dismantled Premier League champions Leicester in a ruthless 20-minute burst as Jose Mourinho's decision to drop Wayne Rooney was rewarded with a 4-1 win at Old Trafford on Saturday.
More Sports stories
Science »

The TeCake
Carbon budget to be highly affected by present status of coal, gas and oil fields
The TeCake	 - ‎7 hours ago‎	
Home News Science Carbon budget to be highly affected by present status of coal, gas... Science. Carbon budget to be highly affected by present status of coal, gas and oil fields.

The TeCake
Thousands of confiscated wild animals untraceable: Report
Business Standard	 - ‎Sep 23, 2016‎	
Over 60,000 live wild animals confiscated by enforcement agencies worldwide remain untraceable, a new report today said, raising concerns that they could be re-entering the wildlife trafficking industry even as India's reporting on such seizures is ...

The TeCake
Estimate records more number of known viruses in the World's Ocean
The TeCake	 - ‎7 hours ago‎	
The researches give evidences of the existence of increasing number of known viruses in the waters worldwide. The detail study and examination of the viruses will help to understand the importance of viruses in nature and how they can strengthen the ...

The Indian Express
Universe has no direction: Scientists
The Indian Express	 - ‎Sep 23, 2016‎	
The new study, studied the cosmic microwave background (CMB) which is the remnant radiation from the Big Bang. By: IANS London Published:Sep 23, 2016, 19:56.
More Science stories
Health »

Times of India
Global study assesses countries on health-related Sustainable Development Goals
News-Medical.net	 - ‎2 hours ago‎	
Worldwide, good progress has been made towards some of the health-related Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) since 2000, particularly in reducing under-5 and neonatal mortality, family planning, and the rollout of universal health care.

I4U News
Artificial sweetener sucralose not linked to cancer: Study
Times of India	 - ‎2 hours ago‎	
Allaying fears about consuming sucralose, a calorie-free artificial sweetener which is used in a broad range of low-calorie foods including fizzy drinks and chewing gums, a new study has concluded that the sweetener does not cause cancer and is safe to ...

The Indian Express
Marital separation or divorce may lead to eczema, muscle pain
The Indian Express	 - ‎3 hours ago‎	
While Men tend to suffer more long-term health issues after divorce, women are more seriously affected in the short-term, the study suggested.

Zee News
New genetic tool to predict heart disease risk
Business Standard	 - ‎4 hours ago‎	
Scientists, including one of Indian origin, have created a new tool that can calculate the genetic risk score of people likely to develop coronary heart disease, an advance that may pave way for early and personalised preventive interventions.
More Health stories
The selection and placement of stories on this page were determined automatically by a computer programme.
The time or date displayed (including those in the Timeline of Articles feature) reflect when an article was added to or updated in Google News.
RSS - Other News Editions - About Google News - About Feeds - Blog - Help - Send Feedback - Privacy - Terms of Use
©2016 Google  - Google Home - Advertising Programmes - Business Solutions - About Google
